chore(docs): add kumascript docs from content (#7713)
mdn/yari: docs/README.md

  such as user accounts. Visit this repo if you want to contribute to the MDN
  platform.

### KumaScript

> KumaScript is a legacy template/macro system called that automates certain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KumaScript is a legacy template/macro syste that automates certain
```

Author: Thanks, well spotted. 👍🏻
